[ActionList] Fix wrapping issue with prefix/suffix icons (#11529)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/blue-impalas-sleep.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> [ActionList] Fix wrapping issue while using prefix and/or sufix icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ActionList] Fixed wrapping issue while using prefix and/or suffix icons
```
